Library hours:
Libraries are open daily from 9 am to 5 pm.

First library address:
10 Main St.

Books in the first library:
Book name is The Da Vinci Code, Author is Dan Brown
Book name is Le Petit Prince, Author is Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Book name is A Tale of Two Cities, Author is Charles Dickens
Book name is The Lord of the Rings, Author is J. R. R. Tolkien
Book name is The Lord of the Rings, Author is J. R. R. Tolkien
Dictionary Name is Oxford Dictionary of English, definitions: 6000

Customers in the first library:
Name: Ayse Caliskan, Birth Date: 1995, Birth Place: Istanbul
Address: 10 Green Brier Blv.
Name: Mehmet Ari, Birth Date: -, Birth Place: -
Address: 10 Liberty St.
Name: Ela Kara, Birth Date: 1980, Birth Place: -
Address: 17 Main St.
Name: Selin Ergul, Birth Date: 1987, Birth Place: -
Address: -

Second Library address:
221B Baker St.

Books in the second library:
No book in catalog

Customers in the second library:
Name: Ismail Celik, Birth Date: 1986, Birth Place: Antalya
Address: 18 Green Brier Blv.
Name: Selin Ergul, Birth Date: 1987, Birth Place: -
Address: -

Borrowing The Lord of the Rings by Ayse Caliskan from the first library:
Ayse Caliskan successfully borrowed The Lord of the Rings.

Borrowing The Lord of the Rings by Mehmet Ari from the first library:
Mehmet Ari successfully borrowed The Lord of the Rings.

Borrowing The Lord of the Rings by Ela Kara from the first library:
Sorry, this book is already borrowed

Borrowing Le Petit Prince by Ayse Caliskan from the first library
Sorry, Ayse Caliskan already borrowed a book

Borrowing A Tale of Two Cities by Emre Kiraz from the first library:
Sorry, Emre Kiraz is not a customer

Borrowing Angels and Demons by Selin Ergul from the first library:
Sorry, this book is not in our catalog

Borrowing Le Petit Prince by Ismail Celik from the second library:
Sorry, this book is not in our catalog

Books available in the first library:
Book name is The Da Vinci Code, Author is Dan Brown
Book name is Le Petit Prince, Author is Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Book name is A Tale of Two Cities, Author is Charles Dickens
Dictionary Name is Oxford Dictionary of English, definitions: 6000

Books available in the second library:
No book in catalog.

Returning the book which is borrowed by Ayse Caliskan to the first library:
Ayse Caliskan successfully returned The Lord of the Rings

Returning the book which is borrowed by Ismail Celik to the second library:
Sorry, Ismail Celik did not barrow a book

Returning the book which is borrowed by Mehmet Ari to the second library:
Sorry, Mehmet Ari is not a customer.

Borrowing Le Petit Prince by Ayse Caliskan from the first library:
Ayse Caliskan successfully borrowed Le Petit Prince.

Borrowing Le Petit Prince by Selin Ergul from the second library:
Sorry, this book is not in our catalog

Borrowing The Lord of the Rings by Selin Ergul from the first library:
Selin Ergul successfully borrowed The Lord of the Rings.

Books available in the first library:
Book name is The Da Vinci Code, Author is Dan Brown
Book name is A Tale of Two Cities, Author is Charles Dickens
Dictionary Name is Oxford Dictionary of English, definitions: 6000
